me and methadone eHow Millepied to
myself yeah we go yard
hey what's up guys your boy back yet
again once again with a brand new video
driving simulator 2000 movies hi guys so
guys I thought he just left so he was in
the media - I'm just editing video I
forgot to do the intro so give it a big
thumbs up if you guys like us to do this
hot to driving so much a part - little
bit thumbs up so yeah hope sit back
relax enjoy the video see you got the
next shot
so my dear to say I love you guys and go
find my channel so yeah enjoy the video
peace no I mean lecture
hustle document
[Music]
the water gardens on the blue car so
every fall in Antonia I turn off your
lights
[Music]
Georgia tea no no no no
I don't know why I obviously
no I think it's all - okay let's get up
okay I am and to get on Carson's
Portland but you lose all your motive in
this game is over
whoa
here
houses you know who's Connecticut clean
is that they respected
just trying to eat
born where she goes back and they're
gonna have speed modes here means 4348
notes us three and all the other people
feel the Phoebe's can say she was my
niece please
whether it's one person and then we
striving crazy
he keeps crashing and oh I see I see
whatever it is he's coming with you
literally I Stanley yes down have
Mercedes yeah but it's important yeah
yeah yeah thank you
so I got my car but now not so cool
humor me memories no the other sweet
memories
ecology just follows which catalyzed
definitely yeah
why is his movies disconnecting
you guys ready
I never see you guys yeah hold on let me
get up there boy 30 different ways
[Music]
Oh
little comments let's go slowly guys
okay come to the gas station go go go
there's a gas station up tremendously
yeah he's going quite but this next it
should be a quiz Scott who are you
mother you can't wait
so all right guys we got me to the end
of the video give this video a big
thumbs up I'm sorry for the pair C
camera I'm recording with super iPad so
hope you guys like this video give it
thumbs up guys subscribe and like the
video if you want to
so if you guys like this way they'd give
it a bit too close together and you guys
remember shout out to be shout out to me
it's not with challenges hope is around
I'm sorry guys this video short because
people were sleeping off sighs someone
so they were saying that please don't
make a noise so I tried in every deal I
hope you can understand so yeah see you
tomorrow
[Music]